Portfolio Design:
I would use black(#000000) as background color of the website and text in the body, header, link, and footer would be in white(#FFFFFF) color. I want to make the website simple because it is a portfolio which should look professional. I will add my portrait photo which looks professional. For my tech skills, I would add icons of the tools I use generally which are VS Code, github, Eclipse and few more. As I am doing web designing currently, I will add an image related to that.

HOMEPAGE: ABOUT ME, CONTACT ME, PROJECTS
ABOUT ME: 
My name is Jhanvi Lotwala. I am a student at San Jose State University. My major is Applied Mathematics with a minor in Computer Science. I declared my major in Applied Math because I liked math since high school. Later on I became interested in Computer programming as well. I have learned back-end languages like Java and C and I have started learning python recently. I want to explore in the field of data science as it is the booming industry right now. 

I am also interested in learning about front-end languages like HTML, CSS and Javascript which is useful in web designing which is why currently I am taking a class in Web Designing. Web designing and web development seems interesting and easier than building an application in Java. I intend to pursue a career in the software industry. I always think that coding and math is a great combination because it complels the mind to think out of the box.

CONTACT ME:
There will be a form attached on this page where you can submit your name, email and message. At the end my email and social media links will also be provided.

PROJECTS:
List of my projects.

Portfolio examples:
http://www.fabriziodelgaudio.it/
Pros: I liked this one because it's simple with good design.
Cons: The page has too many templates which I don't think I need
http://briandelaney.me/
Pros: I found this format unique because of minimal design and good info.
Cons: Only the projects and social media link is there. No about me page.
http://www.tejucole.com/
Pros: This is the simplest to be used as a beginner.
Cons: Too less design.
